README.md, before:

# omnipay-tesco-clubcard

**UK- and Ireland Tesco Clubcard voucher redemptions driver for the Omnipay PHP payment processing library**

Omnipay implementation Tesco Clubcard voucher redemption. Obviously it's not a payment gateway, but it behaves in a similar way.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard/version.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/omnipay/tesco-clubcard)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard/d/total.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard)

## Installation

**Important: Driver requires [PHP's Intl extension](http://php.net/manual/en/book.intl.php) to be installed.**

The Tesco Clubcard Omnipay driver is installed via [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/). To install, simply add it
to your `composer.json` file:

```json
{
    "require": {
        "digitickets/omnipay-tesco-clubcard": "^2.1"
    }
}
```

And run composer to update your dependencies:

    $ curl -s http://getcomposer.org/installer | php
    $ php composer.phar update

## What's Included

There are drivers for UK (Rewards) vouchers and for the Ireland (Boost) vouchers.

## What's Not Included


## Basic Usage

For both drivers ("UK" and "Ireland") in this repo, there are voucher-type requests, namely validate, redeem and unredeem, and there is a subset of the normal "Omnipay" requests, namely authorize, purchase and refund.

Use the voucher-type requests when you're treating the vouchers as vouchers; use the "Omnipay" requests when you are treating them as payments.

For general Omnipay usage instructions, please see the main [Omnipay](https://github.com/omnipay/omnipay)
repository.

## Support

If you are having general issues with Omnipay, we suggest posting on
[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/). Be sure to add the
[omnipay tag](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/omnipay) so it can be easily found.

If you believe you have found a bug in this driver, please report it using the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard/issues),
or better yet, fork the library and submit a pull request.

Commit message:

Remove the sslCertificateAuthority parameter and its usage; update the readme for the other parameter.

README.md, after:

# omnipay-tesco-clubcard

**UK- and Ireland Tesco Clubcard voucher redemptions driver for the Omnipay PHP payment processing library**

Omnipay implementation Tesco Clubcard voucher redemption. Obviously it's not a payment gateway, but it behaves in a similar way.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard/version.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/omnipay/tesco-clubcard)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard/d/total.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard)

## Installation

**Important: Driver requires [PHP's Intl extension](http://php.net/manual/en/book.intl.php) to be installed.**

The Tesco Clubcard Omnipay driver is installed via [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/). To install, simply add it
to your `composer.json` file:

```json
{
    "require": {
        "digitickets/omnipay-tesco-clubcard": "^2.1"
    }
}
```

And run composer to update your dependencies:

    $ curl -s http://getcomposer.org/installer | php
    $ php composer.phar update

## What's Included

There are drivers for UK (Rewards) vouchers and for the Ireland (Boost) vouchers.

## What's Not Included


## Basic Usage

For both drivers ("UK" and "Ireland") in this repo, there are voucher-type requests, namely validate, redeem and unredeem, and there is a subset of the normal "Omnipay" requests, namely authorize, purchase and refund.

Use the voucher-type requests when you're treating the vouchers as vouchers; use the "Omnipay" requests when you are treating them as payments.

For general Omnipay usage instructions, please see the main [Omnipay](https://github.com/omnipay/omnipay)
repository.

### UK SSL Verification

The CA bundle that comes with the HTTP Client in this driver is very old, and is not aware of the certificate that Tesco's UK API uses.
You therefore have to supply an alternative CA bundle, via the `sslVerification` parameter.
You can pass in `false`, which basically switches off verification but this is obviously **insecure**, so do not do it, except maybe while testing.

## Support

If you are having general issues with Omnipay, we suggest posting on
[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/). Be sure to add the
[omnipay tag](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/omnipay) so it can be easily found.

If you believe you have found a bug in this driver, please report it using the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/pedanticantic/omnipay-tesco-clubcard/issues),
or better yet, fork the library and submit a pull request.
